feat: Align the repo with new name identus-cloud-agent (#973)
hyperledger/identus-cloud-agent: SECURITY.md

# Reporting Security Issues

> The Open Cloud Agent (OEA) team and community take security bugs in the components of the OEA ecosystem seriously. We appreciate your efforts to responsibly disclose your findings, and will make every effort to acknowledge your contributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Identus Cloud Agent (ICA) team and community take security bugs in the components of the OEA ecosystem seriously. We appreciate your efforts to disclose your findings responsibly and will make every effort to acknowledge your contributions.
```
